TheKnightErrant/README.md, before:

References:

About GODPAPER: www.godpaper.com/godpaper/index.php/Framework

How GODPAPER: http://blog.lookbackon.com/?p=2469

Why stage3d:http://blog.kaourantin.net/?p=138

How Stage3d:http://www.adobe.com/devnet/flashplayer/articles/how-stage3d-works.html

What is AGAL:http://www.adobe.com/devnet/flashplayer/articles/what-is-agal.html

Introduction to AGAL:http://jacksondunstan.com/articles/1661

Credits:

Data Structure:

Michael Baczynski, http://www.polygonal.de

Bit board, http://chess.dubmun.com/bitboard.html

AS3 Chess Programming Theory:

Chess Programming Wiki, http://chessprogramming.wikispaces.com/

Mediocre Chess, http://mediocrechess.varten.org/

AS3 Chess Programming Source Code:

AS3 Game data structure, http://www.polygonal.de

AS3 Stage3d(Starling), http://www.sparrow-framework.org

AS3 Stage3d(Starling) Mobile UI components(foxhole), https://github.com/joshtynjala/foxhole-starling

Chess Documents:

GODPAPER, http://www.godpaper.com

Artificial Intelligence:

Marek Obitko, http://labe.felk.cvut.cz/~obitko/

TODO List:

1.ZobristKey Model for game status process;(plan)

2.OpeningBook Model for game open book construction;(plan)

3.HistoryTable Model for game historic process;(plan)

4.Searching Tree sort of class implementation;(plan)

5.Machine Learning implementation;(plan)

6.ButtonBar with Starling UI implementation;(start)

7.Pop up window with Starling UI implementation;(start)

Commit message:

CHANGED:Abstract the chess board creation to CreateChessBoardTask; CHANGED:Abstract the plug-in button bar creation to CreatePluginButtonBarTask; ADDED:Added the pieces-box required trigger for the "Partial information" typed chess board game; ADDED:merge the "TwoHitOne/CatAndMouse" source code to the main project; CHANGED:merge the "TicTacToe" implementation code base to the ApplicationBase for demostration; ADDED:merged game related source code package and files;

TheKnightErrant/README.md, after:

References:

About GODPAPER: www.godpaper.com/godpaper/index.php/Framework

How GODPAPER: http://blog.lookbackon.com/?p=2469

Why stage3d:http://blog.kaourantin.net/?p=138

How Stage3d:http://www.adobe.com/devnet/flashplayer/articles/how-stage3d-works.html

What is AGAL:http://www.adobe.com/devnet/flashplayer/articles/what-is-agal.html

Introduction to AGAL:http://jacksondunstan.com/articles/1661

Credits:

Data Structure:

Michael Baczynski, http://www.polygonal.de

Bit board, http://chess.dubmun.com/bitboard.html

AS3 Chess Programming Theory:

Chess Programming Wiki, http://chessprogramming.wikispaces.com/

Mediocre Chess, http://mediocrechess.varten.org/

AS3 Chess Programming Source Code:

AS3 Game data structure, http://www.polygonal.de

AS3 Stage3d(Starling), http://www.sparrow-framework.org

AS3 Stage3d(Starling) Mobile UI components(foxhole), https://github.com/joshtynjala/foxhole-starling

Chess Documents:

GODPAPER, http://www.godpaper.com

Artificial Intelligence:

Marek Obitko, http://labe.felk.cvut.cz/~obitko/

TODO List:

1.ZobristKey Model for game status process;(plan)

2.OpeningBook Model for game open book construction;(plan)

3.HistoryTable Model for game historic process;(plan)

4.Searching Tree sort of class implementation;(plan)

5.Machine Learning implementation;(plan)

6.ButtonBar with Starling UI implementation;(Done)

7.Pop up window with Starling UI implementation;(start)

8.PiecesBox with Starling UI implementation;(start)

9.Merge the stand-alone chess board game to this main project;(Start)
